he was Elena and the drummer of the
Orangery my name is Edgar I play guitar
in the orange rib I'm Alex I play the
bass for the orange red
this is a tight drum kit two different I
drum kits put together this one's Brown
this matches this floor tom this is a
24-inch this is my beautiful baby six
and a half super drums whoa I met this
guy super drum 12 days Petrosyan at the
namm show and I was trying to look for a
sponsor and for an endorser and this guy
believed in my band I believed in me and
he gave me a free snares this is six and
a half and he gave me a five and a half
as well but that one was stolen this one
his signature is just 12 lugs around the
snare usually you'll find like eight to
ten lugs and this guy was really nice
when my germs are taken away from me my
original drum set since like seventh
grade he gave me this kit
love these symbols the crash is a really
really nice Istanbul symbol sounds
beautiful and very showing the thin
crash my ride this is the Bosphorus
right it's very thin very clean sounds
loud and punchy this makes all the
difference in the world I've never seen
this robot man what inspired me was in
7th or 8th grade my uncle Ken gave me
his old marching bands nerd it's like a
25 year old snare and I don't know what
to do with it so I took drum lessons and
I don't want to join softball and 8th
grade so I was a good cop out and took
lessons and was really really fun and
it's like the only thing I cut on to
like I took locoroco dancing I tried
Hawaiian dancing I tried guitar I was
horrible at everything else but Jones
kind of just stuck with that right now
I'm into a lot of drum and bass drummers
Jojo myers like my number-one
inspiration right now
commit these wonderful people through
this community of music that we have
here in LA stuff playing different shows
and checking them out and we eventually
became friends and they invited me to
play with in their van
ya can't trick them into play if anyone
come over and jam I met Elenna at a show
called art que josé I'm hosted by a
bunch of artists so it was a year ago
yesterday I think then took me about a
couple of weeks to constant texting and
e-mailing not only get her to say yes to
a jam session which is also the same day
we played our first show which is also
the first time we got paid which is
awesome
Alex came into the picture after our
other old basis Elvis Galvez who's now
our second guitarist and he's not here
right now but he's an amazing guitarist
and bassist if he wants to be you should
really check out his other band after
gone we just actually finished recording
in July that we're trying to get
together trying to get the packaging we
found some jewel cases in the trash can
here in the building those are the boxes
right there 100 cd's showcase 400 jewel
cases we had to take away empty down
we're going to use them for our urban
we're waiting on PA artwork which is
being done by our great in bed graphic
designer
yeah we can look forward to that soon
also working on music video myself that
I'm working
you